TriangleMesh implementation strategy

At a high level TriangleMesh is supposed to represent and let us modify primitive Roblox parts as though they were a triangle mesh instead of being primitive parts. It does this by implicitly discovering mesh geometry, walking outwards from a point of interest.

It is intended to be usable on all parts, however the _primary_ use case is tailored for heightmap editing, specifically a heightmap made out of parts with PartType = Wedge tiled to form a surface. Because of this, there will be various special affordances for wedges. In particular, may of the (non-right-angle) triangles making up the surface will be made up of co-planar wedges next to eachother. We will need to treat this as a single triangle.

We also want it to be possible to select faces of Block parts, which are square. This means that a single part may have multiple triangles, and a single triangle may be made of multiple parts. To handle this, our lookup of triangle by part will point one triangle, but that triangle is actually the head of a linked list of triangles for that part. This is effective because most parts will only have one triangle -> minimal overhead to deal with the case of more.

The next interesting consideration is that because we're using this for heightmap editing, we don't want to consider all the faces of wedges. We only want to consider the right angle triangle faces of wedges that we're inspecting. This means we may find all the vertices, but the vertices for the two sides will never be connected together by an edge or triangle. Things get slightly more complicated for block parts. If the block part has a smallest dimension which is less than two times the thickness, we should treat it like a wedge, only letting you select virtual triangles from the largest two faces, not the ones around the thin dimension. If the smallest dimension is larger than two times the thickness, we should let you select triangles from all faces.

The upgrade process is done any time an vertex of an unupgraded triangle (one backed by a block part) is moved. If the smallest dimension is less than two times the thickness, we upgrade the triangle to be backed by two wedges of that thickness. If the smallest dimension is larger than two times the thickness, we upgrade the triangle to be backed by 12 triangles, two per face, such that the shape can be freely manipulated. In both of these cases we're effectively trying to disambiguate whether the block represents solid geometry or a single plane based on the thickness setting.

In order to discover new geometry, we always walk outwards from a single point or multiple points, walking along the surface of the geometry. The idea is to have a queue of geometry to explore and keep exploring until we've found everything within a certain radius. We do this using knowledge of the primitive part shapes, and small region queries around a known boundary vertex we're exploring out from. As we explore, we should **not switch faces**. We may end up incidentally discovering some back faces, but we should not intentionally add them, we should only add the geometry of side we're currently on, that is, new triangles whose vertex exactly matches one of our existing vertices. For blocks with a large minimum dimension that we're going to treat as solid geometry, we may end up doing such a walk around the entire block, adding all faces. But for wedges and thin blocks we should not do this.

Do not use the existing key strategy from the rest of the code, use the hashEdge/hashVertex from TriangleMesh.lua instead.

Don't try to do everything in one go, first pick some easier functions and go from there.